CZDoom - Enhanced Handheld Port of PRBoom for the 
         Dingoo A320

Modifications made by CongoZombie

Based on PrBoom,
(http://prboom.sourceforge.net)

Code adapted from the original Dingoo Port by
Joyrider


This port has enhancements to make it more suitable
for use on portable devices.

These enhancements include:


*   Changes to the control code to make best use of the
    available buttons on the console:
        
        There is now a weapon select button. When it
        is held down, weapon switches can be made with 
        the d-pad. It is mapped to the "Best Weapon"
        key in the Doom key map.

*   Savegame names are automatically generated to compensate
    for the lack of a keyboard. They take the form:

    *Map name* - *Difficulty* - *Total game time*
    
    eg.

    E1M4 - Hard - 00:22:35

*   There is now a confirmation message when trying to overwrite
    an existing game save.

*   Text strings in the game have been changed to reflect the
    changes in control scheme.

    (i.e. instead of saying "Press Y to quit.", it now says
    "Press Start to quit.")

*   When the player is dead, a message appears telling the user
    to press the Y button to restart.

*   Changes to the workings of the automap- Select (escape) now
    brings up the automap when in game to free up an extra button
    When the automap is displayed, the game is paused. Since the
    d-pad pans the map and the shoulder buttons zoom, the original
    Doom functionality of being able to move around in automap
    view won't work anyway.



The control scheme for the Dingoo-A320 is as follows:

Up- Forward
Down - Backward
Left - Turn Left
Right - Turn Right
A - Fire
B - Run
Y - Open/Use
X - Weapon Select
L - Strafe Left
R - Strafe Right

Start - Bring up the menu / select a menu item
Select - When in game: Toggle automap
         When in a menu: Go back / exit the menu

If X is held down:

    Up - Next weapon
    Down - Previous weapon
    Left - Cycle the 2 best weapons
    Right - Cycle within the current weapon type (i.e. if chainsaw
                        is the current weapon, switch to the fist,
                        if super shotgun is the current weapon, 
                        switch to the shotgun)




The PrBoom paths have been updated so that savegames and the config
file will be located in the same directory as the game.
